item.modernmetals.aluminum_brass_scythe.name=Aluminum Brass Sickle
item.modernmetals.aluminum_scythe.name=Aluminum Sickle
item.modernmetals.beryllium_scythe.name=Beryllium Sickle
item.modernmetals.boron_scythe.name=Boron Sickle
item.modernmetals.cadmium_scythe.name=Cadmium Sickle
item.modernmetals.chromium_scythe.name=Chromium Sickle
item.modernmetals.galvanized_steel_scythe.name=Galvanized Steel Sickle
item.modernmetals.iridium_scythe.name=Iridium Sickle
item.modernmetals.magnesium_scythe.name=Magnesium Sickle
item.modernmetals.manganese_scythe.name=Manganese Sickle
item.modernmetals.nichrome_scythe.name=Nichrome Sickle
item.modernmetals.osmium_scythe.name=Osmium Sickle
item.modernmetals.plutonium_scythe.name=Plutonium Sickle
item.modernmetals.rutile_scythe.name=Rutile Sickle
item.modernmetals.stainless_steel_scythe.name=Stainless Steel Sickle
item.modernmetals.tantalum_scythe.name=Tantalum Sickle
item.modernmetals.thorium_scythe.name=Thorium Sickle
item.modernmetals.titanium_scythe.name=Titanium Sickle
item.modernmetals.tungsten_scythe.name=Tungsten Sickle
item.modernmetals.uranium_scythe.name=Uranium Sickle
item.modernmetals.zirconium_scythe.name=Zirconium Sickle
